---
title: #("2509_LMOC_GTRI" 0 14 (fontified nil))
layout: post
date: 2026-03-26
description: #("#+created: <2026-03-26 Thu>" 0 27 (ws-butler-chg chg wrap-prefix "" line-prefix "" fontified nil))
categories: [Testing]
---


# Table of Contents

1.  [GTRI LMOC Schedule](#orgd3a623d)
    1.  [LMOC 101](#org197063d)
        1.  [Line Up](#orgcca547c)
        2.  [LMOC Console](#org46a7beb)
        3.  [CTDs](#orgb670e6d)
        4.  [CRTO/@Sam](#org2b4fbee)
    2.  [LMOC v1.7](#org142e729)
    3.  [RAPID Req](#orga04028c)
    4.  [DB Discussion](#org1ae15b2)
        1.  [Current Approach](#org7a80f06)
        2.  [Comprehensive](#org705c3f7)
        3.  [Multi Use Codes](#org4060248)
        4.  [Read/Write](#org7a60d51)
2.  [Testing](#org4be2d56)
3.  [LMOC 101](#orgc699ec1)
    1.  [TENA](#org2dce8ee)
        1.  [Way for other applciations can be used to get data](#org84eff67)
        2.  [Has a cross-domain solution](#orga8eceda)
        3.  [Common Operating Picture (COP)](#org2acf910)
        4.  [service based](#org6475a66)
        5.  [TSPI providers](#org0541440)
        6.  [FUZE track, can provide the best source to that track](#org3dd2e8b)
        7.  [PRISM : Multi level security solution](#org6df1930)
        8.  [LUCI : Line Up Information Card](#org9a41e66)
        9.  [RITA : Real Time Analysis &rsquo;Shot Sheet&rsquo;](#org46b9165)
        10. [BLAST : Used to get data form DIS](#orgde91562)
        11. [DOTT : Data Object Transformation Tool](#org0a4b32d)
    2.  [LMOC VMs](#org5387357)
        1.  [Went over the VMs lightly. Each VM is like a service?](#org1a577cb)
    3.  [: When they are flying events, how does it know when events are? do you need to start/stop it?](#org951672a)
4.  [LMOC v1.7](#orgd21b8ca)
    1.  [RTO functions will be containerized within one event/mission](#orgfef688d)
    2.  [TSPI data is nasty sometimes](#org63d8b40)
5.  [RAPID Req](#orga258228)
    1.  [PRISM status with our Markers](#org14a7233)
        1.  [How/what is needed for us to push Markers to their DB with PRISM in mind.](#org981c4dd)
    2.  [One thing that was coming up was the fact on what are we going to share.](#orgbd4df8a)
        1.  [This comes into if we are placing into their DB or if they are grabbing things from us.](#orge0df2ca)
        2.  [This is a bigger quesiton with Bob and I don&rsquo;t believe we will be giving, but they can get it via sharing.](#org4a8bea9)
        3.  [: If we are sharing what is to stop them from just grabbing it. We want to play and integrate but what is too much](#org24c8eaa)
6.  [DB Structure talking](#org9b1c83b)
    1.  [Talks about TENA, and making DB efficient?](#org41146b3)
        1.  [Unsure what is truly being talked about.](#org18de6e7)
        2.  [Are they talking about the DB efficiency of a DB read/write or what](#orgd57e595)
        3.  [They are talking about TENA storing everything, and also how to integrate the data that is **not** TENA data objects?](#org832e676)
        4.  [SQL is being talked about and stuff](#orgbc09aec)
        5.  [POSTGRES with JSON streamer](#org687dcbc)
        6.  [Using MetaData to speed up the querying](#org206f3a9)
        7.  [Time to Create to create the briefing db](#org92f0b03)
        8.  [looking for a commitment to aid with the DB](#org1a5f4a2)
        9.  [Recording Live data, messy then clean it up afterwards for getting data](#org83607c1)
        10. [They are talking about other things such as how to make it quick and the correct data?](#org7667d56)
7.  [Talking about DB Structures](#org64e5557)
    1.  [They are talking about pushing RAPID stuff](#orgb796023)
        1.  [I do not think we are pushing to the DB ever?](#orgf768123)
    2.  [Taking data via DOTT or something else?](#org702bfe1)
    3.  [: What is TIDE and Flyout Source](#orgd7b853f)
    4.  [TIDE : Being used as a service broker? Still unsure what this is actually doing](#org0de81b1)
        1.  [TIDE handling the piecemill](#orgaeb8c2b)
    5.  [TIDE handling the verisoning and tagging](#org27a35c3)
    6.  [ARCADB is mainly used for PRISM and a multi-level security system](#org0a44c3f)
        1.  [This is mainly used at a high lievel to access data, and the context allows the users to be unaware of the other data that is within there](#org0532a64)
        2.  [Likely what I was thinking about, but it is going to be context on the security rather than the type of data](#org6184066)
8.  [ARCADB / TIDE/ Talking](#orgfd8e758)
    1.  [TIDE](#org524e487)
        1.  [Will be a data broker to the ARCADB](#org1199afa)
        2.  [PRISM 1.5 for LMOC 1.7](#orgf65d107)

:ID:       9273dbd7-3208-4bfe-9496-681bbfc2342a


<a id="orgd3a623d"></a>

# GTRI LMOC Schedule


<a id="org197063d"></a>

## LMOC 101


<a id="orgcca547c"></a>

### Line Up


<a id="org46a7beb"></a>

### LMOC Console


<a id="orgb670e6d"></a>

### CTDs


<a id="org2b4fbee"></a>

### CRTO/@Sam


<a id="org142e729"></a>

## LMOC v1.7


<a id="orga04028c"></a>

## RAPID Req


<a id="org1ae15b2"></a>

## DB Discussion


<a id="org7a80f06"></a>

### Current Approach


<a id="org705c3f7"></a>

### Comprehensive


<a id="org4060248"></a>

### Multi Use Codes


<a id="org7a60d51"></a>

### Read/Write


<a id="org4be2d56"></a>

# Testing


<a id="orgc699ec1"></a>

# LMOC 101


<a id="org2dce8ee"></a>

## TENA


<a id="org84eff67"></a>

### Way for other applciations can be used to get data


<a id="orga8eceda"></a>

### Has a cross-domain solution


<a id="org2acf910"></a>

### Common Operating Picture (COP)


<a id="org6475a66"></a>

### service based


<a id="org0541440"></a>

### TSPI providers

1.  Can also take radar to make tspi


<a id="org3dd2e8b"></a>

### FUZE track, can provide the best source to that track

1.  QUESTION : what is considered best source


<a id="org6df1930"></a>

### PRISM : Multi level security solution


<a id="org9a41e66"></a>

### LUCI : Line Up Information Card


<a id="org46b9165"></a>

### RITA : Real Time Analysis &rsquo;Shot Sheet&rsquo;


<a id="orgde91562"></a>

### BLAST : Used to get data form DIS


<a id="org0a4b32d"></a>

### DOTT : Data Object Transformation Tool


<a id="org5387357"></a>

## LMOC VMs


<a id="org1a577cb"></a>

### Went over the VMs lightly. Each VM is like a service?


<a id="org951672a"></a>

## QUESTION : When they are flying events, how does it know when events are? do you need to start/stop it?


<a id="orgd21b8ca"></a>

# LMOC v1.7


<a id="orgfef688d"></a>

## RTO functions will be containerized within one event/mission


<a id="org63d8b40"></a>

## TSPI data is nasty sometimes


<a id="orga258228"></a>

# RAPID Req


<a id="org14a7233"></a>

## PRISM status with our Markers


<a id="org981c4dd"></a>

### How/what is needed for us to push Markers to their DB with PRISM in mind.

1.  QUESTION : What is needed or the PRISM aware marker?


<a id="orgbd4df8a"></a>

## One thing that was coming up was the fact on what are we going to share.


<a id="orge0df2ca"></a>

### This comes into if we are placing into their DB or if they are grabbing things from us.


<a id="org4a8bea9"></a>

### This is a bigger quesiton with Bob and I don&rsquo;t believe we will be giving, but they can get it via sharing.


<a id="org24c8eaa"></a>

### QUESTION : If we are sharing what is to stop them from just grabbing it. We want to play and integrate but what is too much


<a id="org9b1c83b"></a>

# DB Structure talking


<a id="org41146b3"></a>

## Talks about TENA, and making DB efficient?


<a id="org18de6e7"></a>

### Unsure what is truly being talked about.


<a id="orgd57e595"></a>

### Are they talking about the DB efficiency of a DB read/write or what


<a id="org832e676"></a>

### They are talking about TENA storing everything, and also how to integrate the data that is **not** TENA data objects?


<a id="orgbc09aec"></a>

### SQL is being talked about and stuff


<a id="org687dcbc"></a>

### POSTGRES with JSON streamer


<a id="org206f3a9"></a>

### Using MetaData to speed up the querying


<a id="org92f0b03"></a>

### Time to Create to create the briefing db


<a id="org1a5f4a2"></a>

### looking for a commitment to aid with the DB


<a id="org83607c1"></a>

### Recording Live data, messy then clean it up afterwards for getting data


<a id="org7667d56"></a>

### They are talking about other things such as how to make it quick and the correct data?


<a id="org64e5557"></a>

# Talking about DB Structures


<a id="orgb796023"></a>

## They are talking about pushing RAPID stuff


<a id="orgf768123"></a>

### I do not think we are pushing to the DB ever?


<a id="org702bfe1"></a>

## Taking data via DOTT or something else?


<a id="orgd7b853f"></a>

## QUESTION : What is TIDE and Flyout Source


<a id="org0de81b1"></a>

## TIDE : Being used as a service broker? Still unsure what this is actually doing


<a id="orgaeb8c2b"></a>

### TIDE handling the piecemill


<a id="org27a35c3"></a>

## TIDE handling the verisoning and tagging


<a id="org0a44c3f"></a>

## ARCADB is mainly used for PRISM and a multi-level security system


<a id="org0532a64"></a>

### This is mainly used at a high lievel to access data, and the context allows the users to be unaware of the other data that is within there


<a id="org6184066"></a>

### Likely what I was thinking about, but it is going to be context on the security rather than the type of data


<a id="orgfd8e758"></a>

# ARCADB / TIDE/ Talking


<a id="org524e487"></a>

## TIDE


<a id="org1199afa"></a>

### Will be a data broker to the ARCADB


<a id="orgf65d107"></a>

### PRISM 1.5 for LMOC 1.7

**\***

