---
title: #("v3.9.16-rc" 0 10 (fontified nil))
layout: post
date: 2026-03-26
description: #("#+created: <2026-03-26 Thu>" 0 27 (ws-butler-chg chg wrap-prefix "" line-prefix "" fontified nil))
categories: [Testing]
---


# Table of Contents

1.  [Bugs](#orgb760647)
    1.  [Dashboard](#org2dad60a)
        1.  [Bug 1:](#org58f371a)
        2.  [QOL 1:](#org21a2ee7)
        3.  [Bug 2:](#orgea8a84d)
        4.  [QOL 2:](#orge1d7277)
        5.  [QOL 3:](#org553bc11)
2.  [Notes](#orga6650da)
    1.  [Look into Gradesheet deletion workflow.](#org616fe8f)
    2.  [Looki into exporting GS in PDF and PNG](#orgaf5167e)
    3.  [Database coloring was off in Candice DB](#orga680fb6)
    4.  [working on bar plot](#org6e0b7b2)

:ID:       315f3f61-3fd3-4de2-8f13-7c91cbd81338


<a id="orgb760647"></a>

# Bugs


<a id="org2dad60a"></a>

## Dashboard


<a id="org58f371a"></a>

### Bug 1:

-   Recreation steps
    -   Open a new dashabord
    -   Create a plot (or use existing)
    -   Remove plot
    -   Change dataset
    -   Last added plot will repopulate in dashboard
-   Potential fixes
    -   Likely a stale state
    -   Try to see if I am reading in via Redux or some other method
    -   Also can be issue with removing plots function. Need to update redux and the use redux for all Dashboards?
-   Scripts that are impacted
    -   Likely just in Dashboard and PlotGrid.


<a id="org21a2ee7"></a>

### QOL 1:

-   Console logging on plot changes (ie config)
-   FIX : remove the logging


<a id="orgea8a84d"></a>

### Bug 2:

-   Recreation steps
    -   Create just ONE plot
    -   Click on plot but do not add
    -   Delete said plot
    -   Plot will persist in the drop down
-   Potential fixes
    -   Likely default value upon deletion needs to be reset
    -   Not sure why this is happening with just one plot


<a id="orge1d7277"></a>

### QOL 2:

-   Modify tooltip is persisting for some reason


<a id="org553bc11"></a>

### QOL 3:

-   Adding the type of plots within the Modify plot window


<a id="orga6650da"></a>

# Notes


<a id="org616fe8f"></a>

## Look into Gradesheet deletion workflow.

-   the workflow should be where if it is deleted it should prompt user the field where they need to chose GS
-   Right now I am unsure if this is just defaulting to Zero index or if it actually going to something elese?


<a id="orgaf5167e"></a>

## Looki into exporting GS in PDF and PNG

-   This likley is a Candice issue, but for something later.


<a id="orga680fb6"></a>

## Database coloring was off in Candice DB

-   Unsure where this is happening. On my branch it is working, so unsure if it was the DB that we were working with.
-   My actual DB and branch was working in a way where we are actually forcing it.


<a id="org6e0b7b2"></a>

## working on bar plot

-   working with bin #&rsquo;s or also numerical values right now.

